# RemoteScripts_David

This installment deploys scripts to allow remote commading on target remote machines in your network.
It is devised of multiple scripts that are based on Microsofs' `Task-Scheduler` utility.

With this setup you are able to generate commands and computer lists to work on defined actions by you.
You can run this setup multiple times to generate all the commands needed for your purposes.

## Getting Started

1. Get Installation File
	For running a compiled setup file just download it from Output dir.

	For compiling yourself:
	- Clone repository to your local machine.
	- Run Compile.bat to get compiled setup file.

2. Install Application
	Before running the setup: 
	* Prepare a list of computers to be part of the remote sessions.
	* Prepare a script\command to be executed by the target remote machines.

	The list's format must be 1 row for each computer-name. You can either:
	- Create a text file containing you computer list, and load it to the setup when you run it.
	- Copy as text the computer names with the format defined above and paste it to the setup's window.

	The command should be a cmd windows batch command (or a whole script).
	note: You can't load a script to the installer (unlike the computer list), so you can either copy a raw
	script to the installer window or provide a path to existing script. Just make sure that remote machines have access to that path.

	Check which scripts to be generated by the installer:
	* **Dynamic** -  Able to control the target computer list before executing the remote command.
	* **Static** -  Unable to control the target computer list. Sometimes you just don't want to allow messing with the computer list file.

	Scripts will be generated to installation dir under: '\Run' directory.
	Make shortcuts to them if necessary.

	
### Prerequisites

1. Inno Setup Compiler (Version '5.5.9' and above) - **Only if you want to compile the setup file yourself**


```
Inno Setup Compiler Download from: http://www.jrsoftware.org/isdl.php
```

### Installing

After downloading the compiled setup file (or compiling yourself), run the setup on the desired machine
that you want to store all the remote scripts & PC Lists & defined actions at.



## Important Information

- Was tested on windows 7 & 10
- The username and the password are written as their are provided in 2 scripts:
	'Helpers\StaticAndDynamicScripts\Dynamic_RunRemoteTaskOnComputerList.bat' 
	and
	'Helpers\StaticAndDynamicScripts\Static_RunRemoteTaskOnComputerList.bat' 
  Be aware that anyone can access them and read the provided credentials.
  
- Each time you run the installer the two scripts above files are overwritten each time the installer is done installing.
  But the computer-lists and remote-commands files are not overwritten (unless you use the same name for them)





